[SEC-34478] Document security findings automation rule MCP tools (#38188)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/mcp_server/tools.md

### `list_datadog_security_findings_automation_rules`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Pipelines Read`*\
Lists security findings automation rules of a given type (`mute`, `due_date`, `ticket_creation`, or `severity_modifier`).

- List all mute automation rules for security findings.
- Show me the ticket-creation rules.
- What due-date automation rules are configured?

### `create_datadog_security_findings_automation_rule`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Pipelines Write` and `Security Monitoring Findings Read`*\
Creates a security findings automation rule. Choose a `rule_type`: `mute` (suppress findings), `due_date` (set remediation deadlines), `severity_modifier` (adjust finding severity), or `ticket_creation` (auto-create Jira or Case Management tickets).

- Create a rule to automatically mute false-positive misconfiguration findings in staging.
- Set 30-day remediation due dates for high-severity library vulnerabilities.
- Auto-create Jira tickets for critical findings in the SECURITY project.

### `update_datadog_security_findings_automation_rule`
*Toolset: **security***\
*Permissions Required: `Security Pipelines Write`*\

> Updates an existing automation rule. Supports partial updates, so only the fields you provide change. Use it to enable or disable rules, rename them, adjust filters, or change action parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updates an existing automation rule. Supports partial updates, so only the provided fields are changed. Use it to enable or disable rules, rename them, adjust filters, or change action parameters.
```
